today we're going to treat you to the
very end of the classic role-playing
adventure game secret of mana courtesy
of our new freelance game player might
bearing when you're ready to go to the
mana fortress and beat the game use your
flammy drum to summon flamming the
dragon who appears from the blue skies
above head straight for the mountain
fortress making sure you have a maximum
amount of candy chocolate magic
replenishing walnuts and other items the
final area of the game through the maze
like mana fortress is quite frustrating
because as you move around your two
companions sometimes have trouble
following you and get stuck after this
challenge magic becomes a focus of the
game's final chapter as you battle a
fancy-dress skeleton this fight is easy
just have the girl constantly use her
Lumina lucent dean magic after the beams
come and go immediately use the magic
again upon the demise of this bad guy
the seal which prevented you from using
your dry of magic will be lifted next
the mana beast begins attacking the
fortress get ready for your final and
possibly toughest battle the first step
is to have both the sprite and the girl
cast their dryad mono magic on you this
will give you the mana sword the only
effective weapon against the mana beasts
press and hold be to charge up the mana
sword to its maximum level and when the
mana beast is hovering in front of you
like gold the button and let him have it
with a spastic swing and slashing attack
charging the mana sword is difficult
under the mana beast relentless attack
so have the sprite cast shade to spell
magic which freezes the Beast magic
attacks when necessary use the girls
Undine cure water magic to instantly
give a hundred percent health to a
number in your party since the girl will
have to do this many times she'll soon
run out of magic so use a magic
replenishing walnut on her keep an eye
out for a message at the top of the
screen that says marks magic has faded
this means your green mana sword is gone
and you have the brown sorta gimmer have
both of your sidekicks cast mana magic
on you again to retrieve the mighty
green mana sword keep repeating these
techniques until you win if someone dies
during battle use a cup of wishes to
bring the person back to life each
person is necessary to beat the mana
beast the final blow to the mana beast
causes him to dematerialize and turn
white now sit back and watch the
conclusion to the secret of mana
Oh
you